We need to talk
Now I may be poor, but I still play the rent and over the key
I'm sorry
Look we be both said things that we didn't mean yesterday. I didn't tell you about my boyfriend cuz I didn't want you to worry
That's not all
My else are you here?
To apologize
I brought a peace offering
I accept your apology, but you know, I don't care about that stuff. I care about you
I'm a lot more stable now, and I can cover the rent. What does our CEO have you doing that you're making so much money?
What you working on?
Just this presentation I've been working on for over a week
We have a super important meeting this afternoon with JP G's chairman. My boss asked me to handle it
Wow sounds like you're his right hand not just a secretary
I guess it would be the dream job if Christine would stop picking on me. She keeps trying to get me fired
She is I mean, that's terrible. Can she even do that?